of course the match is going well be
careful it a little bit difficulties but
this is just organizing stuff logistics
because this is there is a lot of small
details manage but everything is fine
everything is fine on the great match
you are the creator of this Sofia rules
yes we will see this in the workshop in
check yes because it's very easy even if
they are not official if one player
doesn't know fro dozen if you although I
didn't infuse didn't set drove so it's
very easy so you also will show a bit of
effort yes before she she agreed about
it no I think he/she doesn't agree but
he'll be force because the power of your
not offer him thrown a speak to him so
what to do like a force yeah okay this
is the best this is the best otherwise
this is I know that there's people there
are absolutely the conservative there
are against this rules but this is the
future of chess this is for sure
everybody now understand this of course
I understand some players all players
they don't want to work they do they
likes short rows and whatever they like
to offer them but this is finished geez
if we need we need professional sport
and professional sport economics you
know very very good we saw his ready in
India nervous he's in good shape I think
so because he only not as practically
without any opening sure is showing
anything she was just playing whatever
openings and just was fighting and
of course it's much more difficult to
play like this because you know we have
no advantage with white and almost with
black you're worse usually without
preparation but even never like that hue
hue in so I think he's in good shape it
will be very exciting much because I
think we should be prepared very well no
more like that matches before and I did
our preparation and generous it's good
so do you see in the match because I
think a lot of felt very very carefully
so
no I think to be very very good match
you